1. Before the GPS, I didn't necessarily think I was struggling with any of the Git commands, but I was having a hard time wrapping my head around how Git and GitHub worked in their entirety. Prior to the GPS, I felt pretty comfortable with the Git work flow, however there were a few instances in which I forgot to create a feature-branch to do some edits - but had got into a pretty good routine with the work flow. GitHub is a little confusing for me, for some reason I have trouble navigating the site - it seems to me like there a couple ways to do the same thing, or get to the same place, which makes me wonder "whats the easiest way". Pull requests feel awkward to me, I feel like every time I am creating a pull request in a different way on the site, and just trying to figure out how everything works is tough. I know at this point I shouldn't know how everything works on GitHub, but I just don't want to get behind. 
2. My pair and I were both under the impression the easiest way to update your local repo was to do a `git pull`, rather than a `git fetch` and then a `git merge`. Bison was able to clarify why it may be better practice to fetch and merge rather than do both commands at once with the `git pull`. I messed us up a little bit at the beginning of the challenge, as I went ahead and created a feature-branch for Release 1 - only to see in Release 2 it asked us to create a different specific `add-command-log` branch, which caused us to get hung up for a few minutes on branches and how to delete them, etc. - so that was clarified. Under the pressure of the GPS, my pair and I jumped straight to `git push` our first file, and totally forgot to `git add` and `git commit` which was just a silly mistake - but helped hammer home the importance of those commands. Other clarifications included how our commit messages should be written ("Add" instead of "Added"), using `git add -A` rather than `git add .` to add multiple files at once, creating feature-branches and how the repo is organized.
3. There were so many questions asked to be honest I can't remember them all, should have done this reflection yesterday after my pair session. Some of the questions mentioned above including fetch and merge versus `git pull`. We did get caught up on trying to figure out how to move a file from the desktop into the `phase-0-gps-1` folder using terminal, which we weren't able to figure out. We asked a lot of questions about how the branches worked on Git and when pushed to GitHub when the best time to delete that branch is. If a branch is deleted on GitHub and you `git pull` into local repo, is the branch deleted on your local repo (the answer appears to be no). However, now that I think back about the GPS, as it was our first GPS of our DBC careers, I think most of our questions were just a confirmation to the pair or guide, "Does that sound right to you James?", or "Is that the best way to do that, Bison". Don't get me wrong, we did get hung up a few times, and for the most part it was on things that were outside the scope of the challenge, but obviously things that we really wanted to understand better. At the end of the day I think we wasted maybe 10-15 minutes on things outside of the challenge and weren't able to get through all the Releases while Bison was still with us.
4. I feel like I made some pretty good strides yesterday on Git, as going in I was a little confused how everything worked. I said to my pair after the session that I was kind of glad we got tripped up in the GPS and had to figure some things out that perhaps we weren't expecting to, because in the end it made me understand the version control better. What does still confuse me about Git is the deletion of branches. If you delete them on GitHub and then `git pull` from the remote, why does a feature branch still exist on my local repo. I would think you would pull down what exists on the origin repo. I plan to watch an hour long tutorial video on Git and GitHub that my pair sent me, perhaps that will give me a better understanding.
5. My first experience of a GPS was great, my pair and I had a great rapport and were able to ask each other questions and work through problems. It was a very friendly and fun pairing session and I'm really glad that James is in the Chicago cohort as well as I look forward to pairing with him in person on campus. The pairing session was a great way to learn, I was definitely a little nervous going into it, as I am a total beginner and obviously have never had someone watching me while I code before - but it was a great experience and appreciate Bisons guidance and helpfulness. 